I'm going to show you a magic today.
very cool that you can do at home
and catch your friends
so I brought a victim who is natan
by green cane will minas
your test detect the viewer here
this magical green reed is a metropolis
very large mine so 5 thousand
people should be quiet and uniform
tip paulo in already lost a brother not already
I lost a lot of class that the cattle knows.
even going there I know that there
so actually train a lot of horse
but today I'm going to show phosphorus box
To set the date on your face I've never seen
nothing new is Paulista's thing
one that was trained here in the center of
studies of the world manual and has
little chip inside that she can
obey my commanders iphone
be like that
the cutting - edge technology is I'll show
be once and let's see if this box
also obey is every time
this box is to go through within a
line this line runs here
So if I take the box and drop it
so to 10 also and at my command
now the dustbox 10 through that one
I know she goes down but she goes down too.
s to stop
obedient to try to assert for the
So that magic you were finding
that was just pulling the line she stopped
huh
to send me now I'm going to drop a ball
stop can do not give loose
box then with 12 boring it I think
He thought it was observed was mourned van and
I thought it had something to do with
stretch and drop the string but do not look
It's loose analyzed
he could cure telepathy to empathy
I already wrote doubt regulation, right?
but revealed magic starts here you
find in the human in if you thought
it was just pulling the court had nothing more
and then surprised that the little box
They run us down here.
if you want to leave the magic way of this
side I'll leave the coins masks
matrix
do not think the overcoming very very good
Easy is not a very easy way to
can learn and on this side the mask
magazine that drinks milk
Look at this magic, we'll stay in each other.
the logic of great milk magazine if you
makes a comical magazine plays milk
within the police magazine provided
A whole beautiful afternoon, we're very cool.